Jigsimur Natural Health Drink (250ml) Aloe Ferox
Product Details:

Product Size: 250ml

Age Range: Adult

Texture: Herbal Drink

Brand: Jigsimur



 What it does

Jigsimur is a blend of Aloe Ferox and all its phytonutrients that have been scientifically proven to prevent and cure common ailments and stubborn diseases. Jigsimur-natural-health-drink is a herbal product drink for curing of Arthritis, Gout, Fibrosis, Diabetes, Migraines, Insomnia, Gall and Kidney stones, Throat infections, Heart burn Colic, Stomach ulcers, Bladder infections, Haemorrhoids, Shingles, Constipation, Osteoporosis, and more. 



Benefits of Jigsimur Health Drink

Anti-Aging Product

Anti-Parasite worms

Helps repair Tissue

Skin Soothing product

Anti-Swelling

Manage your weight gain and assist in weight loss.

Elimination of bacterial infections



Side Effects

NO, it does not have any side effect.



Customers Questions

Q1: What is the health benefits of Jigsimur drink?

Ans: The use of Jigsimur improves your overall health and immune system and is used for the treatment of Arthritis, Gout, Fibrosis, Diabetes, Migraines, Insomnia, Gall and Kidney stones, Throat infections, Heart burn Colic, Stomach ulcers, Bladder infections, Haemorrhoids, Shingles, Constipation, Osteoporosis, Tonsillitis,



Q2: What is Jigsimur herbal drink?

Ans: Jigsimur is a blend of Aloe Ferox and all its phytonutrients that have been scientifically proven to prevent and cure common ailments and stubborn diseases.








Product details
JIGSIMUR IN A NUTSHELL: Jigsimur is a Traditional African Medicine(TAM) duly registered with NAFDAC(A7-2720L). Jigsimur is a blend of Aloe Ferox and all its phytonutrients that have been scientifically proven to prevent and cure common ailments and stubborn diseases. Jigsimur contains antioxidant , photo-nutrient and anti aging elements that make it very ideal for both the young and the old. Jigsimur has no any side effects as all the blends are Aloe Ferox.
Jigsimur is brewed from the sap found in the Aloe Ferox plant which is grown in the Western Cape of South Africa. The calcium, magnesium, potassium and zinc in Aloe Ferox is much higher than in Aloe Vera. The use of Jigsimur improves your overall health and immune system and is used for the treatment of Arthritis, Gout, Fibrosis, Diabetes, Migraines, Insomnia, Gall and Kidney stones, Throat infections, Heart burn Colic, Stomach ulcers, Bladder infections, Haemorrhoids, Shingles, Constipation, Osteoporosis, Tonsillitis, Eczema, Hypertension, Conjunctivitis and many other minor ailments.

Scientifically proven benefits of using Aloe Ferox:
Inhibiting growth of certain tumours
Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity
Expelling of parasitic worms
Treatment of bacterial infections
Can be used as a safe laxative
Assists in weight loss
Aloe Ferox extracts have been known for use in the skin and has the following benefits
Repair and soothe tissue
Reduce swelling
Contains anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties
Anti-ageing and as a skin soothing agent.
Efficacy And Potency Of Our Product
The strength of our business is embedded in the efficacy and potency of Jigsimur. Jigsimur as a Traditional South African blend of potent Aloe Ferox and all its phytonutrients has been refined to treat stubborn ailments. Jigsimur efficacy in the treatment of diseases has turned it to a household name in South Africa.

Simple, Functional and Reliable Business Model
Simple, functional, reliable refers to the strength we have in our business. We are ardent believers of profitable hardwork. We the founders of Jigsimurplus know that a good sharing commitment in our business carved out for our partners, is what drives our business.

Trustworthiness
Every Business has a set of principles that guides it towards goal achievements. Our major strength as a company is binding ourselves to our words, actions and inactions. We promise what we will do and do what we promise.

Specifications
KEY FEATURES
Scientifically proven benefits of using Aloe Ferox:
Inhibiting growth of certain tumours
Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity
Expelling of parasitic worms
Treatment of bacterial infections
Can be used as a safe laxative
Assists in weight loss
Aloe Ferox extracts have been known for use in the skin and has the following benefits
Repair and soothe tissue
Reduce swelling
Contains anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties
Anti-ageing and as a skin soothing agent.
WHAT’S IN THE BOX
N/A
SPECIFICATIONS
SKU: JI603GR40ML00NAFAMZ
Product Line: JigsimurNigeria
Production Country: South Africa
Weight (kg): 0.5
Certifications: Organic
Color: Black
Main Material: N/A
From the Manufacturer: <b>Our daily diet should consists of 20% acidic and 80% alkaline food to maintain a healthy body. A healthy body should have an alkaline pH level of about 7.3 to 7.4. To achieve this, you need;<br />The chlorophyll molecules embedded in plant membrane, which gives plants their green pigments for absorbing light energy used in manufacturing their food.</b><br />
Care Label: <b>Store in a cool place,away from direct sunlight and preferably keep refrigerated once opened.</b><br />
NAFDAC No.: A7-2720L






MEN, Are you experiencing any or all of these symptoms?

• Reduced sex drive.
• Reduced erectile function.
• Loss of lean muscle mass.
• Feeling very tired all the time (fatigue)
• Obesity or being overweight
• Loss of body hair.
• Less beard growth.

These are all symptoms of Low testosterone. Don't die in silence anymore!!!!!!!!!.

Low testosterone is a common issue especially because of the environment we live in.

Jigsimur is a TRIED and TESTED hormone booster and balancer, It can naturally boost your testosterone level.

Jigsimur is made with Aloe Ferox as its major component. It has been used for many years in Traditional African medicine to treat stubborn diseases and infections

The environment is full of toxic waste in form of xeno estrogens. Jigsimur helps the body detoxify itself of all the contaminants that modern life brings to your body and mind. Jigsimur helps as an anti-stress measure.

Jigsimur herbal drink purifies your blood.

Jigsimur also increases your body’s antioxidants levels and reduce the formation of free radicals. It also helps your body recover and repair faster.
.
.
Choose Jigsimur today and choose to stay Healthy.

.
.
.
.

Treatment Pack
4 big bottles- 48,500
8 big bottles- 97,000 + Get 1 FREE big 750cl bottle

Order now by calling / whatsapp
08055180507

#jigsimur #jigsimurhealthdrink #wellnessdocng #boosttestosterone #erectiledysfunction #lowsexualperformance #lowsexdrive #boostmanpower See less